what's up guys this is Krell from
mahalovideogames with another
educational video in the sly collection
for slide to band of thieves for more
videos in this series or other games in
the collection visit Mahalo comm line
collection WT and if you have any
requests tweet us at video games or send
them to requests at Mahalo calm please
don't forget to rate subscribe and
comment on this video
may God be
etiquette synthetic make our brie that
you won't be able to leave with the
materials Joey come up on that water
tower no nap for a closer view
get funky juice boys got the juice
hmm
good job tailing inside he had no idea
you're watching while he typed in
flagrant oh hold on looks like that door
leads to the night clothes aqua pump
this might be useful for the ice
you